W-20241417-hsa-feedback-kt (#355)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: hybrid-standalone/modules/ROOT/pages/deploying-apps-hybrid-standalone.adoc

> Ensure your hybrid standalone environment meets the deployment requirements before initiating application deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your hybrid standalone environment meets the deployment requirements before initiating application deployment.
```
